Desktop Wallet Docs update (#222)
crypto-org-chain/chain-docs: docs/wallets/ledger_desktop_wallet.md

## Install the Crypto.org Chain desktop wallet app for Ledger and create the wallet  

### Step 1 - Install the Crypto.org Chain app on your Ledger device

- **Step 1.1** - Connect and unlock your Ledger device

- **Step 1.2** - On your Ledger device, go to "*Install app*", It should show "*Open Ledger live to install apps*"

- **Step 1.3** - On the Ledger Live, find Crypto.org Chain & Ethereum to install in the app catalog under "*Manager*" as below:

>         <img src="./assets/ledger_desktop_wallet/s1-4-1.png" />

Reviewer: Need to adjust/delete the imgs with mismatched names with those at https://github.com/crypto-org-chain/chain-docs/tree/master/docs/wallets/assets/ledger_desktop_wallet

    - Input your wallet name of your choice;
    - Tick "*Want to create with hardware wallet*" and choose "*Ledger*" as the wallet type. 

>     - For the network, three options of "**Testnet Croeseid 4**", "**Mainnet**", and "**Custom Devnet**" are given. **Testnet Croeseid 4** is Croeseid testnet which is our Cosmos-based testnet that has been running since last October. **Mainnet** is refers to Crypto.org Chain mainnet. Other than these, you may fill up the custom configuration to your own network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the network, three options of "**Testnet Croeseid 4**", "**Mainnet**", and "**Custom Devnet**" are given. **Testnet Croeseid 4** is Croeseid testnet which is our Cosmos-based testnet that has been running since October 2020. **Mainnet** refers to Crypto.org Chain mainnet. Other than these, you can also fill up the custom configuration to your own network.
```

        <img src="./assets/ledger_desktop_wallet/s2-4.png" />
    In this demonstration, we will be creating a testnet address and connecting to the current Croeseid Testnet, therefore, we select "**Testnet Croeseid 4**" as the network option. 

> - **Step 2.5** - Click "*Create Wallet*" and you will be asked to open Crypto.org Chain App on your Ledger device. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Step 2.5** - After clicking "*Create Wallet*," you will be asked to open Crypto.org Chain App on your Ledger device. 
```

        <img src="./assets/ledger_desktop_wallet/s2-5-1.png" />    
Before you click "Connect", make sure you are able to see "*Crypto.org Chain ready*" displayed on your device as follow: 
        <img src="./assets/ledger_desktop_wallet/s2-5-2.jpg" />    
    
- **Step 2.6** - You will be asked to open Ethereum App on your Ledger device in order to create a Cronos Chain wallet. 
        <img src="./assets/ledger_desktop_wallet/s2-5-3.png" />    
        Make sure you are able to see "*Application is ready*" displayed on your device as follow: 
        <img src="./assets/ledger_desktop_wallet/s2-5-4.png" />    
        Click "Connect". Both your Crypto.org native chain & Cronos Chain wallet should be successfully created.
        <img src="./assets/ledger_desktop_wallet/s2-5-5.png" />    

### Step 3 - Before you perform transactions with Ledger device

> Before start with the sending transaction/performing staking operations, we would need some funds to begin with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting with the sending transaction/performing staking operations, we would need some funds to begin with:
```

- **Step 3.1** - Go to "*Assets*" and pick the asset you would like to transfer. Go to "*Receive*" tab in the desktop wallet and your wallet address will be displayed. Depending on which asset you choose, you might need to open different App on your ledger. 

| App | Supported Assets |
| :---: | --- | --- |
| Crypto.org  | CRO (Crypto.org Chain) |
| Ethereum  | CRO (Cronos Chain) |

Verify the address by clicking "*Verify address on Ledger*", you should see the same address being displayed on your ledger device as well.
            <img src="./assets/ledger_desktop_wallet/s3-1.png" />

- **Step 3.2** - Once the address has been confirmed, copy this address and request some funds from the [testnet faucet](https://crypto.org/faucet)

| App | Supported Assets |
| :---: | --- | --- |
| CRO (Crypto.org Chain) | [https://crypto.org/faucet](https://crypto.org/faucet) |
| CRO (Cronos Chain) | [https://cronos.crypto.org/faucet](https://cronos.crypto.org/faucet) |

> - **Step 3.3** - Your current balance will be available in "*Assets*" page. If you would like to view the transaction details, go to "*Transaction*" Tab and simply hit the hash link under Transaction Hash and it will direct you to the corresponding explorer where different details related to transactions will be displayed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Step 3.3** - Your current balance will be available on the "Assets" page. If you would like to view the transaction details, go to the "Transaction" Tab and simply hit the hash link under Transaction Hash, and it will direct you to the corresponding explorer where different details related to transactions will be displayed:
